Require unique key material. (#2463)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-unprompted-auth.md

might also be able to access the corresponding key, so binding authentication to
requests would not provide much benefit in practice.

> Key material used for authentication in unprompted auth, whether symmetric or

Reviewer: Please don't use "unprompted auth", that abbreviation is not used in the document

Reviewer: Additionally, keys are used for the new authentication schemes more than unprompted auth so we should just mention those instead.

> asymmetric MUST NOT be reused in other protocols. Doing so invalidates the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asymmetric MUST NOT be reused in other protocols. Doing so can undermine the
```
